👔 Project settings is now encapsulated into `guidellm.config` module (#17)
neuralmagic/guidellm: DEVELOPING.md

## Contact and Support

If you need help or have any questions, please open an issue on GitHub or contact us at support@neuralmagic.com.

> This will run automatic code styling using `black` and `isort` and test that the

Reviewer: This text is out of place here, was this a miscopy?

Author: Ohh. Yes probably

repository's code matches its standards.

> ## Project configuration

Reviewer: Can we move this section above contact and support and just after the formatting, linting, and type checking section?

The project configuartion is powered by _[`🔗 pydantic-settings`](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/concepts/pydantic_settings/)_

> The project configuration entrypoint is represented by lazy-loaded `settigns` singleton object ( `src/config/__init__` )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project configuration entry point is represented by lazy-loaded `settings` singleton object ( `src/config/__init__` )
```

The project is fully configurable with environment variables. All the default values and

> ```py

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I'm following the purpose of having the sample code here. The code within the repo invokes immediately, right? So, we should likely have a full list of the env variables here that people would want to change alongside a link to the source like above in place of code showing them how it works

Author: It just reflects the idea of how this works. It might be helpful for developers who gonna work on the project. I believe that the sample of a code represents the idea better than words in most cases but I can remove it.

Author: This is kinda you have a code and a small description below that explains the idea on that concrete code 😄
this the _"the purpose of having the sample code here"_
